Docs: Added an example installation guide for Opencast + Minor changes (#5474)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/installation/multiple-servers.md

Install Across Multiple Servers
===============================

*Note that this is not a comprehensive guide of all possible ways to install Opencast. It is more like an overview to good
practices and presents what a lot of people are running. If you are looking for a more detailed step by step instruction, check out the [example installation](example-installation.md).*

> Opencast architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opencast Architecture
```

--------------------------

Opencast consists of a large set of modules which together build the whole system. In a distributed set-up, different
kinds of nodes are basically only defined by the existence or absence of specific modules.

While it is possible to stick together a system module by module, opencast comes with a set of pre-defined distribution

> which can directly be built and installed. The three most common nodes types are admin, presentation and worker which make up the three server -set-up as described further down. To build these distributions by yourself, you would compile Opencast just like it is outlined in the installation guides for the [source installation](source-linux.md) and will then find a set of different distributions, both as archive and in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can directly be built and installed. The three most common nodes types are admin, presentation and worker which make up the three server -set-up as described further down. To build these distributions by yourself, you would compile Opencast just like it is outlined in the installation guides for the [source installation](source-linux.md) and will then find a set of compressed tar archives in a
```
